{\rtf1\mac \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Arial;}{\f11\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green204\blue255;\red0\green221\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue136;\red0\green153\blue153;\red0\green119\blue0;\red204\green0\blue204;\red136\green0\blue0;\red153\green153\blue0;\red119\green119\blue119;\red187\green187\blue187;}{\stylesheet{\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f4\fs20 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon2\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footer;}{\s16\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 header;}{\s17\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}{\s18\qc\sb120\sa120\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f4\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext18 TITLE;}{\s19\qc\nowidctlpar \f4 \sbasedon0\snext19 Author;}{\s20\qc\ri720\sb120\sa120\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar \i\f4 \sbasedon18\snext20 ReturnAddress;}{\s21\qj\ri40\sb120\sa120\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f4\fs18 \sbasedon20\snext21 Heading;}{\s22\qc\nowidctlpar\posyb\absw4813\dxfrtext180\dfrmtxtx180\dfrmtxty180 \b\i\f11\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 Notices;}{\s23\qj\ri40\sb120\sa120\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar \i\f4\fs18 \sbasedon21\snext23 Subheadings;}{\s24\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 Paragraphs;}{\s25\qj\ri13\sa200\nowidctlpar \b\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext25 Bold;}{\s26\qj\fi-288\li288\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext26 references;}{\s27\qj\fi-360\li360\sa60\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext27 bullet;}{\s28\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx5040 \i\f4 \sbasedon19\snext28 Author Name;}{\s29\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx5040 \f4 \sbasedon19\snext29 Author Address;}{\s30\qj\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext30 category;}{\s31\qc\ri40\sb120\sa120\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar\box\brdrth\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f4\fs18 \sbasedon21\snext31 categoryheading;}{\s32\qj\fi-360\li540\sb20\sa200\nowidctlpar\tx540 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 point;}}{\info{\title Word_Template.rtf}{\author Debra J. Richardson}{\operator Debra J. Richardson}{\creatim\yr1996\mo2\dy9\hr13\min44}{\revtim\yr1996\mo2\dy9\hr14\min34}{\printim\yr1996\mo2\dy9\hr14\min22}{\version4}{\edmins44}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49217}}\margl1080\margr1080\margt1080 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\ftnrestart\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx480\endnhere {\footer \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar\tqc\tx5040\tqr\tx10080 \f4\fs20 \par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s18\qc\sb120\sa120\sl360\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f4\fs36 ICSE 97 Conference Proceedings Format\par \pard \s18\qc\sa120\sl360\slmult0\widctlpar {\fs24 \par }\pard\plain \s24\qj\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sect \sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx0 \pard\plain \s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx1700\tqc\tx5220\tqc\tx8280 \i\f4 {\b\i0 \tab First Author\tab Second Author\tab Third N. Lastauthor\par }\pard\plain \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx1700\tqc\tx5220\tqc\tx8280 \f4 \tab First author's affiliation\tab Advanced Research Group\tab Dipartimento di Elettronica\par \pard \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx1700\tqc\tx5220\tqc\tx8280 \tab 1st line of address\tab Kiwi Computers\tab Politecnico di Milano\par \tab 2nd line of address\tab 386 Hard Drive\tab P.za Leonardo da Vinci, 32\par \tab Last line, including country\tab Mountain Foo, CA 95030 USA\tab 20133 Milano, Italia\par \tab Telephone number, incl. country code\tab +1 408 555 1212\tab +39 2 555 93540\par \pard \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx1700\tqc\tx5220\tqc\tx8280 \tab 1st author's email address\tab author2@netaddress\tab author3@netaddress\par \pard\plain \s24\qj\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sect \sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx0 {\footer \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar\tqc\tx5040\tqr\tx10080 \f4\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \s24\qj\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \par \par \sect \sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery1080\footery1440\cols2\colsx475\endnhere {\footer \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 ABSTRACT\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 This is a sample paper using the format and guidelines required for the {\i ICSE 97} {\i Conference Proceedings}. It includes instructions for preparing a camera-ready copy of your accepted submission.\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 Keywords\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Guide, formatting, author\rquote s kit, conference publications\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 INTRODUCTION\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 The {\i Proceedings} of ICSE 97 represent the final archival records of the conference. To give the book a high quality appearance, we ask that authors follow these guidelines. In essence, we ask you to make your document look as much like this document as possible. The easiest way to do this is simply to replace the text in this document with your own.\par \pard \qj\sa120\widctlpar This Word document defines a style sheet to help you format your text. Style sheet names include {\f5 Normal}, {\f5 Author Name}, {\f5 Heading 1}, etc. An electronic copy of this file, as well as files for Word and LaTEX formats, may be downloaded from the ICSE 97 on-line author kit [2].\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 Page Limit and Page Size\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Submissions in different categories have different page limits that must be adhered to. Papers, for example,  should be no more than 11 pages long. Submissions that exceed the limit for their category will not be reviewed.\par \pard \qj\sa120\widctlpar All material on each page should fit within a rectangle of 18 x 23.5 cm (7\rdblquote  x 9.25\rdblquote ), centered on the page, beginning 1.9 cm (.75\rdblquote ) from the top of the page, with a .85 cm (.33\rdblquote ) space between two 8.4 cm (3.3'') columns. Use either US Letter or A4 paper. Right margins should be justified, not ragged.\par \pard\plain \s22\qc\widctlpar\posyb\absw4813\dxfrtext180\dfrmtxtx180\dfrmtxty180 \b\i\f11\fs20 {\b0 LEAVE BLANK THE LAST 2.5 cm (1\rdblquote )\par }\pard \s22\qc\widctlpar\posyb\absw4813\dxfrtext180\dfrmtxtx180\dfrmtxty180 {\b0 OF THE LEFT COLUMN ON THE FIRST PAGE\par FOR THE COPYRIGHT NOTICE.\par (preserve these six lines in some\par  cases, but make their contents\par  }blank{\b0  in your text)\par \par \par }\pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 TYPESET TEXT\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Submissions should be prepared on a typesetter or word processor. Use a 10-point Times Roman font, or other Roman font with serifs, as close as possible in appearance to Times Roman in which these guidelines have been set. Note that different components (such as title, authors, and headings -- see below) use the same font, but with different sizes and styles. The target is to have a 10-point text, as you see here. Please do not use sans-serif or non-proportional fonts except for special purposes, such as distinguishing source code text (e.g., {\f11 #include <iostream.h>}). Fonts similar to Times Roman include Times, Computer Modern Roman, and Press.\par \pard \qj\sa120\widctlpar If you do not have a laser printer, you may be able to arrange for a business to print your document for you. If no laser printer is available, then please ask the conference office for assistance.\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 Title and Authors\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 The title (18-point bold), authors' names (12-point bold), and affiliations (12-point) run centered across the full width of the page--one column 17.8 cm (7'') wide. Please also include phone numbers and e-mail addresses. See the top of this page for three names with different addresses. If only one address is needed, center all address text in a single column. For two addresses, use two columns, and so on. For more than three authors, you may have to improvise (if necessary, you may place some address information in a footnote).\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 Abstract and Keywords\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Every submission (except summaries of Workshops) should begin with an abstract of no more than 100 words, followed by a set of keywords. The abstract and keywords should be placed in the top left column of the first page. The abstract should be a concise summary of the work and resulting conclusions. Keywords should help readers determine if the paper contains topics they are interested in.\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 First Page Copyright Notice\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Remember to leave at least 2.5 cm (1\rdblquote ) of blank space at the bottom of the left column of the first page only. This space is reserved for the copyright notice that will be added during final printing.\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 Subsequent Pages\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 For pages other than the first page, start at the top of the page, and continue in double-column format. It is preferable (but not required) that the two columns on the last page are of approximately equal length.\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 References and Citations\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Use the standard {\i Communications of the ACM} format for references -- that is, a numbered list at the end of the article, ordered alphabetically by first author, and referenced in the text by numbers in brackets [1]. See the examples of citations at the end of this document.\par \pard \qj\sa120\widctlpar References should be published materials accessible to the public. Internal technical reports may be cited {\i only if }they are easily accessible (i.e., you can give the address to obtain it within your citation) and may be obtained by any reader. Proprietary information may {\i not }be cited. Private communications should be acknowledged, not referenced (e.g., [Robertson, personal communication]).\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 Page Numbering, Headers and Footers\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Do not include headers or footers in your submission. Page numbers should be included in your submission for review.  Final submission of accepted papers should {\i not} include any page numbers; they will be added when the publications are assembled.\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 SECTIONS (Style sheet Name: heading 1)\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 The title of a section should be in Times Roman 10-point bold in all capitals. Please do not number the sections.\par \pard\plain \s2\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 Subsections (Style Sheet Name: Heading 2){\b0 \par }\pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 The title of subsections should be in Times Roman 10-point bold with only the initial letters of each word capitalized. For subsections and subsubsections, a word like {\i the} or {\i a} is not capitalized unless it is the first word of the heading.\par \pard\plain \s3\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \i\f4\fs20 Subsubsections (Style Sheet Name: Heading 3)\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 The heading for subsubsections should be in Times Roman 10-point italic with initial letters of each word capitalized.\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 FIGURES\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Figures should be inserted at the appropriate point in your text. Figures may extend over the two columns up to 17.8 cm (7\rdblquote ) if necessary. Black and white photographs (not Polaroid prints) may be mounted on the camera-ready paper with glue or double-sided tape. (To avoid smudges, attach figures by paste or tape applied to their {\i back} surfaces only.)\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 Language, style and Content\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 The written and spoken language of ICSE 97 is English. Spelling and punctuation may consistently follow any \par \pard \qj\sa120\widctlpar \par \par \par \par \par \par \pard \qj\sa120\widctlpar dialect of English (e.g., British, Canadian or US).  Please write for an international audience:\par \pard\plain \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \bullet \tab Write in a straightforward style. Use simple sentence structure. Try to avoid long sentences and complex sentence structures. Use semicolons carefully.\par \pard \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \bullet \tab Use common and basic vocabulary (for example, use the word \ldblquote unusual\rdblquote  rather than the word \ldblquote arcane\rdblquote ).\par \pard \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \bullet \tab Briefly define or explain all technical terms.\par \pard \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \bullet \tab Explain all acronyms when they first appear in your text, such as, \ldblquote World Wide Web (WWW)\rdblquote .\par \pard \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \bullet \tab Explain \ldblquote insider\rdblquote  comments. Be sure that your whole audience will understand any reference whose meaning you do not explain (e.g., do not assume that everyone has used a Macintosh or MS-DOS).\par \pard \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \bullet \tab Avoid or explain puns, jokes and colloquial language. Humor and irony are difficult to translate.  \par \pard \s27\qj\fi-180\li180\sa60\widctlpar \bullet \tab Use unambiguous forms for representing culturally localized concepts, such as times, dates, and currencies.  (e.g., 1/5/96 could be either January 5th or 1\~May, and 7:00 could be 7 am or 1900).\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 Authors are responsible for making sure that their work is conducted in a professional and ethical manner [1], including (but not limited to) fully informed consent of participants in studies, protection of personal data (e.g., [3]), and permission to use others\rquote  copyrighted materials.\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 information and questions\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 For more information, contact the ICSE 97 Office at icse-97-publications@ics.uci.edu, or phone +1-714-824-8756.\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 Acknowledgments\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 This document has been adapted from the Style Sheet defined for CHI 96 by Michael J. Muller, Bonnie Nardi, Michael J. Tauber, and numerous people in the CHI community. Their contribution is gratefully acknowledged.\par \pard\plain \s1\qj\ri13\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\caps\f4\fs20 REFERENCES\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi-288\li288\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 1.\tab Anderson, R.E. Social impacts of computing: Codes of professional ethics. {\i Social Science Computing Review 10}, 2 (Winter 1992), 453-469.\par \pard \s26\qj\fi-288\li288\sa120\widctlpar 2.\tab ICSE 97 Electronic Author Kit, Available at <http://www.ics.uci.edu/icse97/pubform/>.\par \pard \s26\qj\fi-288\li288\sa120\widctlpar 3.\tab Mackay, W.E. Ethics, lies and videotape... in {\i Proc. CHI'95} (Denver CO, May 1995), ACM Press, 138-145.\par \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sect \sectd \linex0\headery1080\footery1440\colsx454\endnhere \pard\plain \qj\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \par }